# Journal Entry 1 (2023-12-19)
#journal

---

- **People** *(Who):* Me, Cannon
- **Date/Time** *(When):* 12-19-2023; 2am-5am
- **Location** *(Where):* Ramada Inn, Costa Mesa/Newport Beach, Orange County, California 

- **What:** Role-playing together for the first time
- **Why:** Asked Cannon, "How adventurous are you feeling..?" in regards to fooling around 
- **How:** (see below)

- **Today's Date:** 12-19-2023; ctd. 12-22-2023

This memory is significant in several ways. Not only was it new, fun, and exciting, but it also signified a leap of faith and expanding our boundaries, through exploration and experimentation. All in all, it was a night I doubt either of us will ever forget, and hopefully it will pave the way for more "adventures" to come.

This memory begins one evening in December, when it was just Cannon and I, sequestered away in a motel room that we'd gotten for 3 nights.

The motel was the Ramada Inn in Newport Beach, and it was our last night there. It was already assumed we were going to hook up, and as the night got later and later we seemed to be lagging on hopping into bed together. Finally, though, we each finished up our hygiene routines, I put the finishing touches on tidying the room and setting some "ambience" with low music, LEDs and visualizers, and dimmed lamps, and Cannon took the dog outside to go potty so that we'd have nothing to interrupt us once we started, and I gave up on making my toenail polish pedicure worthy - it was dark anyway, and some shimmery rosy pink polish looked better than none. 

I'd already been formulating a vague idea in my head, almost subconsciously, which manifested in the form of a gold dog choker collar and matching gold jewellery around my neck and in my ears, a Beats Antique Spotify radio mix, and a high, sleek ponytail that accentuated my long hair and long neck. I wanted to wear my gold heels, but I wasn't *that* bold, yet, so I stuck with my teal front-latching push up bra and a matching teal thong and left it at that.

As we crawled into bed together, I lay my head on Cannon's chest, in that familiar spot somewhere between his shoulder and sternum that seems to have been made specifically to cradle my head and mine alone. I recall that he was still wearing a tank top, shorts and socks. I remember this because I remember exactly how I removed them a little later - but oh, I'm already getting ahead of myself. I don't want to leave out any details, so I can savor the memory now, and again and again whenever I so choose to relive it.

Where was I..? Oh, yes. We had just finished up our respective chores and routines and crawled into bed together... him fully clothed, I scantily clad, having no shirt, bottoms, or socks on - not that I think he minded. 

It always feels so perfect to lay with Cannon - the comfort of the utter familiarity of the shape of his body and the smell of his skin, the way his body seamlessly cradles mine, that sweet spot somewhere between his shoulder and sternum that I nestle my face into and fall asleep within seconds - it's even more familiar to me than sleeping alone.

So it was with one leg thrown over his and my body pressed up against his, resting my face on the aforementioned "sweet spot" on his chest, that I tilted my face up to gaze at him, and he looked down at me, and kissed me sweetly, and I kissed him back, gently and softly, our tongues skimming each other but not desperately, just teasing, exploring, and enjoying.

But soon enough I found myself pulling my lips away to rest my face on his chest again, feeling a certain discontent, though I could not verbalize exactly why at first. He sensed it, of course (how could he not, when I had stopped kissing him?) but he didn't pry. I slowly traced my index finger in little circles around his nipples, then ran my palms slowly over the planes of his chest and over to his large shoulders, which I gave a few gentle squeezes. I always love doing that, because I love the feel of his strong body and solid build. Not only is it highly arousing to feel his body this way, but it makes me feel safe, to remind myself that I have a strong man next to me who loves me and wants to protect me.

It wasn't long before the finger idly tracing across his tank top and the lack of heated kisses prompted him to inquire after my thoughts.,  "Babe? What's wrong?" he asked. "Oh, nothing. I was just thinking..." I said. He paused for a beat, which must have taken considerable willpower, given how curious he was. "What were you thinking about?" After some careful consideration and a bit of hesitation, I looked up at him, with a shy, mischievious smile forming on my face. "How adventurous are you feeling tonight?" I finally blurted out. He looked understandably surprised, but to his credit, he didn't immediately balk, or laugh derisively, or hesitate with uncertainty. "Adventurous?" he asked. "What exactly did you have in mind?" he wanted to know, his eyes searching my face. I looked down, turning my face back to his chest as I felt the heat of embarrassment creep up my neck and ears. *Crap!* I definitely hadn't thought this out properly, and now I didn't know what to say, or how to approach the issue, let alone verbalize what it was I thought I wanted. All I knew is that there was some part of me that was discontented with the thought of not vocalizing what was *really* on my mind, and I was determined to set right the warped image Cannon seemed to have of my passing comments about sexual activities I'd been wanting to try.

Let me explain a bit, so it won't seem so strange that I suddenly got tongue-tied and flustered like a schoolgirl.  Cannon and I are both a bit shy in the 'baring our souls' department, and neither of us are especially worldly when it comes to anything other than vanilla sex. (That's not to say he doesn't know how to put it down, because he absolutely *does*. It's just that he's not especially sexually adventurous, or at least he's never vocalized any interest in doing anything remotely kinky, whether it be out of genuine lack of interest, or simply being too shy to open up, I'm still not entirely sure. I suspect the latter, in the sense that he's not opening up completely about what he really finds hot or wants to try, but rather than this being due to kinky desires, I have this sneaking suspicion that it's more so that he's into types of women or sex that are decidedly...not me. For instance, I think if he were to fantasize about his ideal hook up, it would be with a curvy, big-assed, sassy looking Latina or "exotic" looking women, not skinny white girls with small breasts and delicate limbs. Also, I think he's more into traditional "porn-style" sexual activities, but doesn't want to seem too "degrading" - stuff like "throat fucking", rough anal sex, probably likes to watch one woman getting gang banged and getting her face/body covered in semen, that kind of stuff. And then probably feels somewhat disgusted afterwards, not with himself, but with the women that allow themselves to be treated like that... I don't know, I could be completely off the mark here but I sort of doubt it. Also, I think he likes more "traditional" sex and "traditional" women but I think he has a wide range of women he finds attractive as long as they fit the "big busted", "big assed", typical "hot chick" type. Oh, and I also am convinced that he is as much or even more so turned on by his own self and his own physique and the way he himself makes love than he is by just whatever woman he's with or fantasizing about.) Anyway, the thought of some of the activities I've mentioned in passing in the past have... scandalized him, to say the least. I should  

'd had this idea in my head for a while. It started after Cannon and I had begun dating, because I always had this picture of him in my head as intimidating in a way, yet this was a huge turn on for me. I think it's the way he carries himself, how he has an expression that clearly communicates he won't take shit from anybody, but not in an asshole punk kind of way, more like a stern, "I know what I'm about" kind of look. That, coupled with the fact that he looks physically fit and strong, and it's easy to see how he could be intimidating. But the part that makes it even sweeter is how tender and passionate he is when he makes love to me, or even fucks me. (I've always told him, I didn't know it was possible to fuck and make love at the same time, until you showed me that it is.) Anyway, I started having these